readme.md, before:

﻿# TD Family Injector
## Version 1.01
### Author: Arnaud Cassone © Artcraft Visuals
A TouchDesigner operator family injector tool that helps manage and inject custom operator families into TouchDesigner projects.
It adds operators directly into the Op Menu for easy access in a new "custom" section with predefined name and color.

Originally designed by Tekt for Raytk and modified by DotSimulate for Lops then adapted for general use by me.

## features:
- Inject custom operator families into TouchDesigner projects
- Add operators to the Op Menu under a "custom" section
- Predefine operator names and colors for easy identification
- Simple GUI for managing and injecting operator families

## Usage:
- Clone the repository in your prefered folder
- Drag and drop the TOX files in your TD project. (it will move it to the root of your project)
- Enter the family name and color in the parameters
- Put your custom operators in the "custom_operators" container inside the Operator Network
- All Operators must be inside the Main Operators annotate container.
- Each subcategory must be inside a Category annotate container.
- Click "Family Install" to add the operators to the Op Menu
- Access the components from the Op Menu under the given name.

## Parameters
| Parameter | Type | Description |
|----------------------|------|---------------------------------|
|Lopsheader|Str||
|Install|Toggle||
|Verbose|Toggle||
|Createstubs|Pulse||
|Replacestubs|Pulse||
|Updateall|Pulse||
|Family|Str||
|Colorr|RGB||
|Colorg|RGB||
|Colorb|RGB||
|Index|Int||

Commit message:

Update version and improve readme documentation
Bumped version to 1.011 and enhanced the readme with clearer feature descriptions, installation notes, and usage instructions for the TD Family Injector tool.

readme.md, after:

﻿# TD Family Injector
## Version 1.011
### Author: Arnaud Cassone © Artcraft Visuals
A TouchDesigner operator family injector tool that helps manage and inject custom operator families into TouchDesigner projects.
It adds operators directly into the Op Menu for easy access in a new "custom" section with predefined name and color.

Originally designed by Tekt for Raytk and modified by DotSimulate for Lops then adapted for general use by me.

## features:
- Inject custom operator families into TouchDesigner projects
- Add operators to the Op Menu under a "custom" section
- Define family name and color for easy identification
- Organize operators into categories using annotate containers
- Simple installation and uninstallation process


## Usage:
- Clone the repository in your prefered folder
- Drag and drop the TOX files in your TD project. (it will move it to the root of your project)
- Enter the family name and color in the parameters
- Put your custom operators in the "custom_operators" container inside the Operator Network
- All Operators must be inside the Main Operators annotate container.
- Each subcategory must be inside a Category annotate container.
- Click "Family Install" to add the operators to the Op Menu
- Access the components from the Op Menu under the given name.

## notes
- Ensure that all operator names are unique within their family.
- Test the installation in a separate TouchDesigner project before deploying it in a production environment.
- Multiple families can be installed by drag and dropping the Family Injector TOX and changing the family name and color.

## Parameters
| Parameter | Type | Description |
|----------------------|------|---------------------------------|
|Install|Toggle||
|Verbose|Toggle||
|Createstubs|Pulse||
|Replacestubs|Pulse||
|Updateall|Pulse||
|Family|Str||
|Colorr|RGB||
|Colorg|RGB||
|Colorb|RGB||
|Index|Int||
